The Joe Rogan experience.
As far as what I'm gonna do next. Yeah. You know,
I want to keep experiencing these things,
which to me are precious and rare. I,
I want to keep going out into the wilderness.
I wanna keep experiencing it and I wanna share it with people.
It doesn't mean anything to me. If I don't share it to people anymore,
I have no desire to go live by myself in the woods and not talk to anybody.
It seems like you could have a skeleton crew of cameraman editor
you. Yeah. And put it on like YouTube. That's what I've thought about. Yeah.
I think that's a move man, because you can make real money off of YouTube now.
I mean, obviously you see these YouTube celebrities,
they're very wealthy and they're just doing things on YouTube and you could just
transfer your show over to YouTube and I guarantee you, people would watch,
I mean, a hundred percent definitely.
Would need a camera. I definitely would need a cameraman editor. Yeah.
Cameraman and editor. Oh. So it's like a three person crew.
So all the stuff that you had to deal with with all these other folks that
weren't even there,
these producers that were saying they wanted to fire you and all that other,
you wouldn't have to do it. That at all, it would basically.
And if you had an idea like, Hey, I want to try this.
I wanna make my own bow and arrow and go shoot a caribou with it, you know,
and do it with traditional methods and use the tendons from animals to make the
strings and all the stuff that like the native Americans did. You could do that.
Like you could do, you could do, you could do whatever you want.
You could do whatever you want.
And that's what I think would be really appealing to people.
Because just like if you started a podcast or just like anything else where
there's no one telling you what to do,
you get to find out who the person really is. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
and I think that would,
that would be a great way to give you all the freedom that you want,
where, you know,
I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to get enough advertiser dollars to pay for an
editor and pay for a cameraman and,
and put it up there and start generating revenue.
Yeah. Some guys are really good. Like, um, you know,
Les STR used to film himself a lot. Yeah. I tried that a little bit,
but I can't film myself. It's like, I need the interaction. Yeah.
Les Les is, uh, I mean,
he's the only one that really did that without horse. Yeah.
That live in the woods for seven days and survive off of whatever scraps he
could find.
Then find some sort of a scenario that they piece together for the show.
You know, the, the reason why bear grills happened,
the whole reason why that guy got a show is cuz they were trying to tell Les to
fake things. Oh really? And he wouldn't fake anything. And he is like,
I'm not gonna do that way. So they got, let's get this guy.
So he would just go along with them. Bear grills just slept in a hotel.
He'd pretend he'd drinking his own, all that stuff. <laugh> I mean,
less was out there really surviving that way.
When you would see he would do like a seven day trip and,
and maybe he would find no food. And by the end of that seven days,
you could see how much weight he had lost. I mean,
he looked terrible and then he would get rescued as per you know how he would've
to go to a drop off point or a pickup point. But now he's all Bigfoot.
Les has gone, gone crazy Bigfoot, a hundred percent. I get more questions about.
Bigfoot. <laugh> what is it?
You live in the woods and you're supposed to be running into Bigfoot.
You're supposed to be a Bigfoot authority. Two, two questions.
People are always asking about global warming.
I'm not a scientist and Bigfoot. Right. I mean, I'm, I'm not a scientist,
but you.
Said you did notice.
At the ISIS thin. Yes. Yeah.
Anecdotally I can say that it's definitely warmer where I am compared to.
It was 15 years ago, the winters have been warmer, but how many.
Years in row have they been warmer?
Oh,
I didn't keep the data cuz I know there are a lot of sinus keeping it and those
are the people I'm gonna defer to on global warming. Right.
And I believe in global warming, I mean,
I believe in the consensus of scientific opinion.
What I have seen personally is just overall
the ices thinner on my lake.
And that's a sign that over the whole course of the winter,
they've been milder winters 15 years ago, I'd get around four feet of ice.
Now the last few winters have been times when I went out there in April,
which is when it said his thickest and there's only two and a half feet of ice.
And I'm like, wow, that's crazy. I never saw that. You know, 10 to 15 years ago.
Um, the other thing is the absolute coldest temperatures.
Since I've been out there three times, it went to colder than 60 below zero.
They were all the first couple winners, first two or three winners.
I don't know if that was just, you know,
coincidence or what I'm not saying this is global warming.
I'm just telling you what I've seen. Um,
and like they've been recent winters where the coldest had ever got was,
you know,
once or twice to 45 below one of the first winters I was out there in March for
like two weeks. It never went above 40 below.
I haven't seen anything like that in the last four or five winters. Mm.
Since I got on the show,
the coldest temperature we ever saw was one time it went down to about 50,
55 below, um, one day for a little while.
I've seen times, like I said,
where it would literally not go above 40 below for two weeks in March. Mm.
That was first or second year I was out there. So I mean, so.
Anecdotally at least, yeah. That's just.
Look, we gotta, we gotta defer to science on this. I mean,
they're collecting data all over the world.
You can see the Arctic oceans, there's less ice. You can, you know,
measure the temperature of the ocean by sending sound waves through it. You can,
there's all different methods. Um,
so it doesn't really matter what one person sees in one place,
but there's a consensus of opinion. That's what matters. Yeah.
But it is interesting your, your own anecdotal experience,
seeing that the ice is that much thinner and the, the winters are warmer. It.
Is well, I'm sure the national weather service has all kinds of data on Alaska.
Sure, sure. I mean, we, for instance, in Fairbank, Alaska,
they never used to use any salt on the roads at all.
The reason being that it was too cold for out to work,
salt will only melt ice. If it's a certain temperature,
if it gets cold in that it doesn't work. So they didn't even store salt there.
The department of transportation didn't use it, which was nice.
Your vehicles didn't rust out.
But now there are enough times in the winter when it's warm enough that they
actually are using salt in recent years on the roads of Fairbank.
And you actually see times when it gets up to freezing,
even freezing rain events in the winter,
which didn't used to happen hardly ever.
And now that's not that outlandish to have it, you know, get up to,
to freezing in the middle of, of the winter some days.
Bigfoot <laugh> what about Bigfoot?
I just can't believe people waste their time talking about stuff like that.
<laugh>.
Well, for someone like you,
who actually lives in the wilderness and you actually live in Alaska,
which is one of the places is where people supposedly spot Bigfoot.
Yeah. Yeah. It's cause a lot of nutty people go to Alaska,
they call 'em end of the rotors. Yeah. You drive until you can't go any further.
And then you can't out in the woods for a while and see Bigfoot. Yeah.
Does Les STR really see Bigfoot?
He, I don't think he's ever seen it. His shows, but he believes it's out there.
He shows sad. It makes me sad. Cuz he was like,
like a really respected guy doing the survival thing. And you know,
I think it was a really interesting educational show and it showed people how
hard it is.
But then he got hooked up with this guy and he was filming these big foot shows
and the guy was completely full of. There's like a,
he's wearing a mask pretending to be big foot in the woods, filming it,
high resolution. It looks so fake. You should see the show. The,
the fake cuz it's so dumb. It's so dumb. It hurts your feelings.
Like you're like what you're doing this,
but it's real popular. That's the problem. If you have like a survivor show,
you might get X amount of people to watch it. If you have a big foot show,
you might get double the number. What does that tell you about our culture?
Not good. Look at this. This is the video footage. This is, he says, he said,
this is a close up high resolution of Bigfoot. Look, look at that thing.
<laugh> how fake is that? Like he's gonna zoom in on it.
<laugh> it says the Todd standing Bigfoot video
as, and Survivorman Bigfoot show at Les route.
What's going on.
People are really are the people that are watching this stuff actually
believing it or they just find it entertaining. There's people. It's stupid.
It's funny coma sitting on their couch, sitting in front of the TV,
thinking about when they're gonna go to bed,
what are they look how dumb that looks, man, look at this stupid,
fake big foot face. And they're they're sitting there going well.
They wish it was real. They wish it was real. Yeah. They wish it was real.
They want it to be real.
They want there to be some large primate living by itself
in the forest, a small number of them, not that many,
just a small number of them.
I seen some crazy stuff, but it.
Wasn't Bigfoot. Well, here's the thing. If there were Bigfoot,
why wouldn't there be thousands of 'em all over the place what's gonna stop
Bigfoot from breeding. Bigfoot would beat the out of a bear,
kill a mountain line. Like what would stop a Bigfoot?
You're talking about an eight to 10 foot tall gorilla. What the hell would stop?
That that would be the king of the farmers.
And what would stop us from seeing the thing and would stop us from finding a
body? Yeah. What would stop us from finding bones? Yeah, the skeletons. I mean,
how about an ancient one? You know, you know, in a sight like, you know,
when they,
they find these mass and saber tooth tigers and things that existed here 10,000
years ago, why don't they find a Bigfoot? Huh? FEMA.